welcome to effective sales enablement
site so here is the book effective sales
enablement how does this sales
enablement work different from other
sales enablement books out there
well many sales enablement books are
written by sales professionals sales
consultants or sales trainers but this
book is written by a marketer I'm a
marketer through and through for
marketers so if you are marketing
managers supporting your sales team this
ebooks will provide some nuggets and
also creative approach and thinking to
help you to better support your sales
team if you are salespeople
sales managers sales operations manager
or even sales enablement and you are
working really closely with your
marketing team this book will give you
some ideas in terms of how to drive
conversations with your marketing teams
you will help you to get into your
marketing teams heads anyway check out
the bug I'm sure you will find this
producible if if you can't find anything
compelling or useful from this book no
worries
go to p.m. dinner calm schedule call
with me and it's 100% free I would like
to hear your challenges and I will come
up with a workable actionable solutions
for you okay so in a way you can always
reach out to me and share with me your
challenges I will see what I can do
before I end this video I also want to
share with you another piece of
information I have another book it's
called global content marketing if you
work with your marketing team outside of
your home countries to scale content
across the region this book is for you I
created a framework what I call the four
PS a global counter marketing to help
you scale your content across the
regions so again like I said if you work
the content and need to scale
internationally this world is for you
check it out
so two box effective sales enablement
global content marketing there are kind
of like a niche topics but if you are
working on either one of them check out
the box and let me know what you think
okay I hope to hear from you thanks a
lot bye